In this lesson, we'll first learn about how to
look at a user's actions as steps towards a goal.
We'll specifically examine the stages of the user acquisition and activation funnels,
and then learn how these funnel analysis techniques can be applied to feature usage too.
In the second part of this lesson,
we'll discuss how to calculate funnel drop off in Tableau.
Analyzing live user data to identify the steps in a user funnel with the highest drop
off rates provides great evidence for where product improvements should be focused.
Finally, in the third part of this lesson,
we'll discuss how to visualize funnel drop off in Tableau for use in presentations.
Product managers use such visuals to convince stakeholders
about the need for resources to be spent in specific areas of a product.